# 杂记 - CVPR papers summary
  
> Position Tracking for Virtual Reality Using Commodity WiFi (Manikanta Kotaru, Sachin Katti; Stanford Uni)
- tracking:
  - outside-in: old one, such as Oculus Rift, HTC Vive, uses infrared cameras along with sensors on the headset. Relying much on cameras, short at range(2m generally).
  - inside-out: new and better one, such as Microsoft Hololens, uses cameras(RGB & depth sensing) and implement vision based tracking algorithms on the headset. High complexity and cost, fails on transparent or texture-less object(not robust).
- Proposal given: **WiCapture**
  - WiFi based positino tracking system. **In detail**: headsets transmit standard WiFi packet which are received by standard WiFi APs. The WiFi APs receive metedata from each WiFi packets reception called Channel State Information(CSI) which encodes the transformation the environment has induced upon the transmitted WiFi signals. WiCapture invents noval algorithms that mine the CSI metedata to recover the headset's position accurately.

> Material Classification using Frequency- and Depth-DependentTime-of-Flight Distortion
- statements:
  - Material classification plays an important role for com-puter vision applications.
  - One of the major challenges in ma-terial classification is that *different materials may yield verysimilar appearance*, could use the **optical responses** of the target object such asspatial, angular, and temporal spread of the incident light.
- Proposal given: **using anindirect cue**
  - develop a material classification method based on akey observation that the measured depth of a translucent object becomes greater than the actual depth
  - using the depth distortions as a feature of the material, we propose an exemplar-based material classification method

> Binary Coding for Partial Action Analysis with Limited Observation Ratios
- 